Hello guys in this lesson we are going to test our first bootstrap classes.
Let's check if everything that is in the last lesson plan included bootstrapped for in our theme.
It's really working.
Before testing whether bootstrap is working we need to add a new tag in the head of that speech peafowl
that tag is relative to the viewport which is the visible part of the screen Anvar eyes from device
to device the viewpoints and ensures that the site content will respond correctly regardless of the
viewport.
In fact I already have that tag at hand.
To be honest I just copied the Dagh from one of the native world's best features and you can do the
same.
In fact I recommend that you do the same because it's faster and it's reliable.
So let's face it here.
Well I will not explain in detail what each of these properties mean but it's important that you include
that tag right.
Otherwise your site may look totally weird on a phone or on a tablet.
And we don't want this.
OK.
So let's go ahead and save this file.
And now we can test bootstrap using this file the header dot pitch.
Let's remove this paragraph because we don't need it any more.
Now how does bootstrap work to help us understand.
I'm going to show you an image from the design model website.
Well as you see in the image briefly the basis of this tool is a great system must draft columns in
which we can distribute the content of the site the content itself is centered within a special class
called container sized eyes according to the device that is used to view the site content inside these
containers.
We have the rogues and those roles can be distributed over 12 columns all of the sizes are controlled
by CSX classes.
That's why we've included the new sensors file in our functions file.
In the last lesson there was a CSSA class for the container for the row and for the column sizes.
We can also define specific column sizes for large medium small and extra small devices.
Great but let's see that in practice.
Let's create a new DIV tag inside the top bar section and we want to add the container class to it.
That class is specific to bootstrap to use it you just need to add it to the elements you want within
the Stith you want to create a new one with the row class.
Now let's say that social media will have a leave of 10 columns in extra large devices eight columns
in medium sized and small devices and a width of six columns for extra small devices like smartphones
for example.
To do this let's add the call Xcel 10
code and the eight call as am 8 and code six classes to the social media icons Steve as to the same
for the search death but now we want to set and other values for extra large size.
We are going to have two columns for medium and small sizes for Callum's
and then for the extras small size six columns.
Notice that the sum of all columns within the same row never exceeds 12.
So ten and two or six and six equals 12.
Is that another special bootstrap class to the search diff text right.
And this class because this there flows to the right but can also add some more rules to the census
file which will only help us notice the difference between these two areas here as open up the template
that says file and add the following lines.
Social media icons background green hide 30 pixels search
background yellow high 30 pixels I save the file.
And finally previewed the changes and when really low the page Herodias everything is working its def
has the sizes specified and the color was set.
Now if you resize the browser you see that the columns are stacking correctly as well.
It's like magic isn't it.
So you can test that out later on your own one right.
For example you can change the bootstrap classes and new ones you name it.
It can be a very good exercise.
Well that's for now.
I hope you like this lesson and I see you in the next one.